feat(mailchimp): send campaign (#23)
watson-developer-cloud/assistant-toolkit: integrations/extensions/starter-kits/mailchimp/readme.md

# MailChimp Campaign management

## Background

Mailchimp is a marketing automation platform and email marketing service for managing mailing lists and creating email marketing campaigns to send to customers.

> It has a quite [extensive REST API](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/), however this extension will focus on only one API endpoint, sending a campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has quite an [extensive REST API](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/), however this extension will focus on only one API endpoint: sending a campaign.
```

> Mailchimp provide a complete [OpenAPI specification](https://api.mailchimp.com/schema/3.0/Swagger.json?expand), however it is uses OASV2.0 while we support OAS3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mailchimp provides a complete [OpenAPI specification](https://api.mailchimp.com/schema/3.0/Swagger.json?expand), but it uses OASV2.0. WA Extensions only support OAS3.0.
```

> In addition it quite extensive and if you plan on using a small part of their API, you better off creating a smaller set of it. To do that, you can open the [Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/) convert it from OAS2.0 to OAS3.0 then keep only the endpoint you need. In this starterkit we did just that, and the result for campaign send is [here](./openapi.campaigns.send.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, it is quite extensive, so if you plan on using a small part of their API, you'll be better off creating a smaller set of it. To do that, you can open the [Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/), convert the spec from OAS2.0 to OAS3.0, then only keep the endpoints you need. This is the process we used to create this starter-kit as well, and the result for `Send Campaign` is [here](./openapi.campaigns.send.json).
```

Also, change link after rename.

## Pre-Requisite Steps

> Create an account at Mailchimp. 
> Your fist task would be to generate an api key and figure which server is your Mailchimp account bound to.
> See https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/quick-start/#generate-your-api-key for more details.
> Next to be able to send a campaign,
> you have to create a list ( audience) and add members to it. There are two possible ways to do that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an account at Mailchimp. 
2. Generate an API key and figure out which server your Mailchimp account is bound to. See https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/quick-start/#generate-your-api-key for more details.
3. Next, to be able to send a campaign, you have to create a list (audience) and add members to it. There are two possible ways to do that:
```

> 1. Use the API, check [this](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/create-your-first-audience/) for a complete guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the API, check [this](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/create-your-first-audience/) for a complete guide.
```

> 2. Use Mailchimp user interace, check [this](https://mailchimp.com/help/create-audience/) for a complete guide.

Reviewer: If you accept the above suggestion, tab these in!

> Before you can send a campaign, you have to create it. This again can be done either via API or in the  Mailchimp tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Lastly, before you can send a campaign, you have to create it. This again can be done either via API or in the Mailchimp tool.
```

> Tip: Mailchimp will error and won't send the campagin unless its structured correctly. Therefore it is recommended to log into Mailchimp, search for the campaign, edit it untill everything has a green check mark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: Mailchimp will error and won't send the campaign unless it's structured correctly. Therefore, it is recommended to log into Mailchimp, search for the campaign, and edit it until everything has a green check mark.
```

### Auth Info

> See above section.

Reviewer: I think it would be ok to remove this!

## Using this Starter Kit

Upload the provided OpenAPI spec as a custom extension, add the extension to your assistant, and then in the `Authentication` configuration step:
1. For Authentication type, select `Basic auth`.

> 1. Add `anystring` as the Username and the password should be your api key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add `anystring` as the Username and the password should be your API key.
```

> 1. Replace the default `server` server variable with your own.  To find the value for the server parameter, log into your Mailchimp account and look at the URL in your browser. You’ll see something like https://us19.admin.mailchimp.com/; the us19 part is the server prefix. Note that your specific value may be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace the default `server` server variable with your own.  To find the value for the server parameter, log into your Mailchimp account and look at the URL in your browser. You’ll see something like `https://us19.admin.mailchimp.com/`; the `us19` part is the server prefix. Note that your specific value may be different.
```

After upload, the actions should be configured to use the fields below for the skill to be fully functional. Follow the instructions [here](../../README.md#configuring-your-actions-skill-to-use-an-extension) and note the information below to do this.

- **Action 1.** I want to buy an IBM product.
    ```
    Operation: Send campaign
    Parameters:
      - campaign_id : campaignid
    ```

> Note `campaignid` is a session variable that must match the campaign you have created. If you have created your campaign via API, then in the response you should have `id` property, that should be saved in `campaignid`. If you haven't created the campaign via an API, then you have to use the API to obtain the campaign id. To do that [list the campaigns](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/campaigns/list-campaigns/) and find your campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `campaignid` is a session variable that must match the campaign you have created. If you have created your campaign via API, then in the response you should have an `id` property, that should be saved in `campaignid`. If you haven't created the campaign via the API, then you have to use the API to obtain the campaign id. To do this, [list the campaigns](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/api/campaigns/list-campaigns/) then find your campaign.
```
